docs: introduce branding guidelines (#980)
Financial-Times/origami: README.md

ORIGAMI_STORYBOOK_BRAND=internal npm run storybook
```

#### Setting brands

Some components you create may only be part of one brand. We recommend you follow these guidelines when contributing branded components:

##### Registry

> Origami Registry components are branded through the `origami.json` in the component's root directory. You can find how to use this file in the [Origami documentation](https://origami.ft.com/documentation/manifests/origami-json/#brands).
> 
> ##### Storybook
> 
> Storybook components can be branded by introducing a brand sub-directory within the `stories` folder, and placing brand-specific stories within it. e.g:

Reviewer: This implies there's a difference between registry / storybook components but they're the same component, just different ways of demoing them :) 

```suggestion
Origami Registry compoennt demos are branded through the `origami.json` manifest in the component's root directory. You can find how to use this file in the [Origami documentation](https://origami.ft.com/documentation/manifests/origami-json/#brands).

##### Storybook

Storybook component demos can be branded by introducing a brand sub-directory within the `stories` folder, and placing brand-specific stories within it. e.g:
```

Reviewer: @frshwtr Let's get this merged :D What do you think of this suggestion?
